Refactored XR docs into clearer sections about AR and VR (#437)
playcanvas/developer.playcanvas.com: content/en/user-manual/xr/input-sources.md

}
```

## Tutorials

> PlayCanvas provides a number of [tutorials and samples][11] on the usage of WebXR controls. Users are able to fork them and examinee how code and components are structured to allow for XR controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PlayCanvas provides a number of [tutorials and samples][11] on the usage of WebXR functionality. Users are able to fork them and examine how code and components are structured to allow for XR to be used.
```
